DOCSP-25547-clarify-aws-auth (#467)
mongodb/docs-node: source/fundamentals/authentication/mechanisms.txt

4. AWS EC2 endpoint. For more information, see `IAM Roles for Tasks
   <https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonECS/latest/developerguide/task-iam-roles.html>`_.

.. important::

   The driver only reads the credentials from the first method that it detects

>    in the order of the preceding list. For example, if you specify your

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   in the order given by the preceding list. For example, if you specify your
```

Author: This suggestion seems more appropriate than the original, but I think the phrase is usually "as given by" so I'll use that.

>    AWS credentials in the connection string, it ignores any credentials

Reviewer: Suggestion: replace pronoun to disambiguate

```suggestion
   AWS credentials in the connection string, the driver ignores any credentials
```
